[Autogenerated] next is K nearest neighbors also called us
Cayenne training in Kane and runs in three phases.
First face is sampling in sampling.
The size of the initial dataset is optimized so that it fits in the memory.
Next face is dimensionality reduction,
where the algorithm tries to remove the noise around the features.
Using the algorithms like random forest and ready is a footprint off.
The model in the memory index building optimizes the
efficient look up off distance between the sample points and
it's k nearest neighbors it provides.
Three different types of indexes were flat index,
an inverter index and inverted index with part quant ization.
Kanaan can be used in modeling both classifications under aggression.
Problems in a classifications problem algorithm queries the K points
that are closer to the sample point and returns.
The frequently use labor.
In the case of regression it where is a cake closest point
and returned the average off their values.
Kane and supports both train and test data channels, and it uses a record.
I go on CSV as an input file farmer.
Keep in mind if you're using CSV,
the first column needs to be the label and can use both file
more are pipe more to read the data que en en can be trained
on a CPU instantiate like MF.
IT are a GPU instantiate like Pete for a classifier predictor
Kane and computes accuracy on for regression.
It computes means squired center require hyper parameters are,
of course, the value of K.
The number of features in the input predictor type that
identifies if it's a classification are a regression.
The number of data points to be sampled on the
target dimension production target,
which is necessary if the parameter dimension reduction type is sync.
Let's jump into a Jupyter notebook on see how we can train a
model using cayenne this example uses you see,
I machine learning covert type dataset We're using W.
Gay to download the data on in pre processing face.
The data is split into training on test data with a 90 10 ratio.
Then the data is uploaded to two separate S3 buckets,
one for training on the other one for testing.
The data is written in record.
I will pro to be farmer in the training face.
An estimator object is created and you can see we error
fetching the cane and algorithm from the Docker Container
registry and error using em, for instance,
and error sitting the value off K to 10 on setting
the predictor type to classifier.
Once the training is completed,
the endpoint is created which can be used for future predictions.
Since this is a classification problem,
we're using accuracy as a metric during prediction.
Next, we're going to jump into random cut forest,
which is an algorithm for anomaly detection.
And it is an unsupervised learning algorithm.
This algorithm look for outliers are anomalies in
the data like unexpected spikes.
Picks in Period City.
Our unclassifiable data points.
The first step is to fetch a random sample of data on a
technique called a reservoir error.
Sampling is used for this purpose.
Next step in the training process is to slice the data
into number off equal partitions.
Then each partition is sent to an individual tree.
On the tree.
Recursive Lee organizes its partition into a binary tree.
The third step is to choose the hyper parameters enum please,
a number of samples per tree.
The recommendation is to begin with 100 trees in are two balance
between the anomaly score noise on moral complexity.
Anomaly detection supports both train and test data channels.
It supports record.
I will prote above on CSV file.
Formats on the data can be read both in file.
More unp IT more.
Amazon recommends using one Lee CPU Instances to run this algorithm on the
general recommendation is to use M four C four or C five.
Random cut forest computes F one score during the training process.
The number of features in a dataset is a required hyper parameter.
If you're running the job through the console enum,
please enum Samples per tree are an optional hyper parameters,
with the default value off 102 56 respectively.
There's jump into a quick demo on See how random cut forest is implemented.
You start this example by defining S3 bucket location for
storing the training data undertrained model.
This example uses the NYC Taxi dataset as we have seen in previous cases.
The first step is to fetch the data from the source and pandas read CSV
method is being used to convert the data To see is reformer.
Unlike other examples where we fetch the algorithm from the
container registry and pastor to the estimated object.
We error directly instantiate ing the random cut far as stop chip,
which is part of the sage maker package.
We're using em, for instance, to run this training job and error.
Overrating the default values for numb trees on numb samples.
Poetry.
Once the training is completed, you can deploy the model so that it can be used for prediction purposes.